579 adding preview command (#3)
lambda-feedback/BaseEvalutionFunctionLayer: README.md

# BaseEvalutionFunctionLayer

> Base docker image for evaluation functions coded in python. This layer cannot function alone, it needs to be extended in a specific way by evaluation function it supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base docker image for evaluation functions coded in python. This layer cannot function alone, it needs to be extended in a specific way by the evaluation function it supports.
```

> This layer encompases all the behaviour that is universal to all evaluation functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer implements the behaviour common to all evaluation functions:
```

- Request and response schema validation
- Unit testing setup
- Function commands:
  - `eval`: calls the evaluation function in the user-defined `evaluation.py` file.
  - `preview`: calls the preview function in the user-defined `preview.py` file.
  - `healthcheck`: runs all unittests for schema testing as well as user-defined tests in `evaluation_tests.py`.
  - `docs`: returns the `docs.md` user-defined file.

_Note: user-defined files are those provided by the evaluation function code meant to extend this layer_

## Behaviour and Usage

> Commands as passed in 'command' header from each request. By default (if not header is present), the function will run the `eval` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands as passed in 'command' header from each request. By default (if no header is present), the function will run the `eval` command.
```
